Fix minor documentation typos (#2256)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/serving/kfserving.md

> Please see more details for installing the prerequisites [here](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving#prerequisites)

Reviewer: Update: 

---
Line 88:

- Please add a space/blank line separators after each `## Section name` across the guide, if you have time
- For a11y and clarity, instead of `See [here]...` maybe we can use `refer to [README section]...`
- Add a full stop

```suggestion

For installing KFServing prerequisites, refer to the [README section](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving#prerequisites).
```

---

Line 87:

- Comma placement

```diff
- Knative Serving (v0.11.2 +) and Istio (v1.1.7+), Cert Manager(v0.12.0+) should be available on your Kubernetes cluster.
+ Knative Serving (v0.11.2 +), Istio (v1.1.7+), and Cert Manager(v0.12.0+) should be available on your Kubernetes cluster.
```

Reviewer: Update:

Lines 81-83:

- Add full stops, if you have time

Author: Excellent suggestions :heavy_check_mark:

### KFServing installation

> Once you meet the above prerequisites KFServing can be [installed standalone](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving#standalone-kfserving-installation). See [here](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving/tree/master/install) for other available releases.

Reviewer: Thanks for checking _Model serving using KFServing_ and _Fixing common problems in Kubeflow notebooks_ guides

/assign @animeshsingh @Bobgy

> Once you meet the above prerequisites KFServing can be [installed standalone](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving#standalone-kfserving-installation). See [here](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving/tree/master/install) for other available releases.

Reviewer: Update:

- For a11y, use `Check the [kfserving `install` directory]...` or similar instead of `See [here]...`

```suggestion
Once you meet the above prerequisites KFServing can be [installed standalone](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving#standalone-kfserving-installation). Check the [kfserving `install` directory](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving/tree/master/install) for other available releases.
```
